added explaination for Schema and DFSchema to documentation (#15329)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/library-user-guide/working-with-exprs.md

As the writer of a library, you can use `Expr`s to represent computations that you want to perform. This guide will walk you through how to make your own scalar UDF as an `Expr` and how to rewrite `Expr`s to inline the simple UDF.

## Arrow Schema and DataFusion DFSchema

> Schema and DFSchema are both exist in datafusion because `Schema` provides a lightweight structure for defining data, and `DFSchema` extends it with extra information. This makes the engine could handle both simple data definitions and complex query scenarios efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache Arrow `Schema` provides a lightweight structure for defining data, and Apache Datafusion`DFSchema` extends it with extra information such as column qualifiers and functional dependencies. Column qualifiers are multi part path to the table e.g table, schema, catalog. Functional Dependency is the relationship between attributes(characteristics) of a table related to each other.
```

Author: Hi comphead, thanks for your review! Look's much better! seems you've updated the file, if everything looks good we may start this merge

As the writer of a library, you can use `Expr`s to represent computations that you want to perform. This guide will walk you through how to make your own scalar UDF as an `Expr` and how to rewrite `Expr`s to inline the simple UDF.

## Arrow Schema and DataFusion DFSchema

> Schema and DFSchema are both exist in datafusion because `Schema` provides a lightweight structure for defining data, and `DFSchema` extends it with extra information. This makes the engine could handle both simple data definitions and complex query scenarios efficiently.

Reviewer: I would probably rephrase it saying the DFSchema is a wrapper on top of Arrow schema, extending the latter to support DF features which missing in Arrow Schema, like qualifier support, metadata, functional dependencies

### Difference between Schema and DFSchema

- Schema: A fundamental component of Apache Arrow, `Schema` defines a dataset's structure, specifying column names and their data types.

  > Please see [Struct Schema](https://docs.rs/arrow-schema/54.2.1/arrow_schema/struct.Schema.html) for a detailed document of Arrow Schema.

- DFSchema: Extending `Schema`, `DFSchema` incorporates qualifiers such as table names, enabling it to carry additional context when required. This is particularly valuable for managing queries across multiple tables.
  > Please see [Struct DFSchema](https://docs.rs/datafusion/latest/datafusion/common/struct.DFSchema.html) for a detailed document of DFSchema.

### How to convert between Schema and DFSchema

From Schema to DFSchema: Use `DFSchema::try_from_qualified_schema` with a table name and original schema. See example below:

> let df_schema = DFSchema::try_from_qualified_schema("t1", &arrow_schema).unwrap();

> 

Reviewer: For conversion it is worth to point to DFSchema link documentation https://docs.rs/datafusion/latest/datafusion/common/struct.DFSchema.html#converting-back-to-arrow-schema

Other conversion methods which are suitable for users it is nice to document in the rust doc

Author: Hi Comphead, thank you for your review! Your advice is really helpful, I've made changes based on your advice and pushed a new version for you to review.
